# 21 Nov 2012 Meeting Minutes

Meeting called to order at 7:31.

### Members present:

#### Alumni:

+ Aaron Curtis
+ Andrew Curry
+ Ryan Jordan
+ Eric Gernat
+ Holly Bennett
+ Damien Huete
+ Craig Whitten

#### Active Org Rep:

+ Trevor Golden

## Officer Reports
### President's Report
+ Received another bill from National.
+ We can get a not-for-profit business checking account for virtually no
  fees - more info in Treasurer's Report and Budget section.

### VP's Report
+ VP Andrew Curry volunteers to go to represent us at National next year.
+ If there's any others, we'll have to arrange for extra registration
  costs.
+ Next meeting might be scheduled somewhere else closer to Baltimore.
  Location is TBD closer to January when next meeting is scheduled.

### Treasurer's Report
+ Looked into setting up a not-for-profit business checking account.
+ Need incorporation documents and tax ID number.
+ Credit unions are preferred.

### Active Org Reports
  
+ Initiation happened - four NIBs. 
+ Check Alumni list for names and nicknames.

## New Business

### Budget
+ National sends us a bill for dues, which is $150 currently.
  + Dues are expected to go up.
  + Sent out in October. Usually arrives several months late.
  + The bank account will help centralizing a source of payment for dues
    and other expenses.
  + Our current dues include the most recent bill, and the previous
  + Banking fees, website maintenance, and other incidentals are something
    to be paid for by our bank account.
    bill.
  + **Aaron Curtis has paid the outstanding balance on both of these
    bills. Once a checking account has been setup, more information will
    follow as to how Alumni members can chip in to reimburse Aaron.**

### Convention
+ Convention is another component. Approximately $700 every 2 years.
  + It pays for lodging and registration (including some meals) for 1 person.

### PO Box
+ We can see about setting up a PO box near UMBC. Cost is approximately $30 annually.
+ Tabled discussion until we have a bank account set up.

### Alumni Parliamentarian
+ Br. Eric Gernat has volunteered to be the Alumni Parliamentarian.
+ Br. Gernat has obtained a copy of the UMBC Triangle Alumni
  Constitution.
+ Vote: Passed. Br. Eric Gernat is our new Alumni Parliamentarian.

## Upcoming Events
### Ski Trip - 21 Dec to 23 Dec (Tentative)
+ Seven Springs, PA, 45 minutes from Wisp.
+ Weekend before Christmas. 21 Dec to 23 Dec.
+ $1200 to #1300 for a six-person condo
+ Friday to Sunday.
+ There is interest for 6 people.
+ Br. Holly Bennett would like to open up the event to non-Triangles.
+ Holly, Paul, Aaron, and some others are interested. If we have more
  than 6, we'll need to find a bigger place.

### Convention - 23-27 July 2013, Irvine, CA
+ Br. Andrew Curry volunteered to go. 
+ He will pay all personal costs, not including convention fees, which
  are to be paid by the Alumni Org.

### Skeet Shooting
+ Br. Ryan Jordan has suggested a future skeet shooting event.
+ We need a better idea of who's interested.
+ If we bring our own weapons and ammo, it's much cheaper.
+ Cost can be above $100 person depending on the venue. It can be
  cheaper if we bring our own gear.
+ Various packages are available; they pay for everything, including
  targets, equipment, and attendants.
+ We can also go to a shooting range, depending on whether the range is
  part of a gun club that requires membership or sponsorship.

### Alumni-themed event
+ Suggested by Br. Eric Gernat. 
+ Like a social, but a more open event that is just more of a casual social gathering that is not centered around a specific activity.
+ Ideas include a BBQ next spring or summer, such as Memorial Day BBQ, renting a park, pavilion, or other venue.
+ It will most likely be a Brothers & +1's social event.
+ Br. Eric Gernat will help organize and plan with financial assistance from
  folks interested to attend.

### Camping Trip
+ Discussion has occurred in the past, but a location is hard to find.
+ Committee Chair tabled until interest-gathering email is sent to
  Alumni list.

## Next meeting - sometime in January - location TBD

Meeting adjourned at 8:40pm.

