# Tue Sep 11 2013 Meeting Minutes

### Meeting called to order at 7:46pm
### Motion to run meeting by general consent - Passed.

### Members present:

+ Matt Kalkbrenner
+ Andrew Curry
+ Aaron Curtis
+ Addison Slick
+ Brad Gates
+ Eric Gernat
+ Phrank Harris

## Officer Reports

### President
+ Picnic - huge success

### Vice President
+ Unable to attend. No report.

### Treasurer
+ Helped actives set up account at SECU with active president Troy Mabry
+ Still have some pending donations to deposit into alumni account

### Active Rep
+ Actives are much more on the ball this semester
+ Troy Mabry is enthusiastic and active with all aspects of Triangle Actives

### Honorary Parliamentarian (Eric Gernat)
+ No report

## Old Business

### Picnic
+ Good time had by all
+ Successful, mostly within donation-built budget
+ Total cost: $465.95
	+ Includes all food bought by the chapter
	+ Includes pavilion rental fee
	+ Includes all paper products and supplies
+ Collected approx. $460 from 8 Brothers
	+ Does not include potluck dishes or beverages
	+ Does not include BBQ supplies (Andrew Curry)
+ Committee to be formed soon to start planning yearly picnic

## New Business

### National Convention 2013
+ Br. Matt Kalkbrenner represented the Alumni
+ All proposed legislation passed, with amendments to two proposals
	+ Some proposals had to be recounted and physical handcount
+ National Active Fees are going up again
	+ "Innovations and benefits for brothers"
		+ New website portal built by third-party contractor
	 	+ New communications director position to help communication between National, our chapter, and between chapters
 	+ Itemized breakdowns of events and costs, what NAF is going towards item by item
 	+ Promising much more oversight

### Active Org Dues
+ Dues & Local Budget vs. NAF
	+ $350 per brother this semester.
	+ $300 goes to National - $50 goes to the local chapter.


### Projects and Ideas
	+ Active & Alumni fall event, similar in fashion to spring Formal
	+ Try to schedule events well in advance so both alumni and actives can attend
	+ Foster more connections between alumni and actives
	+ Potluck is a popular suggestion

## Upcoming Events
+ Rush - ongoing
+ Active meetings every Friday at 4pm
+ Triangle/ASK Crab Feast - Saturday September 21st - budget $10 to $20 per person
+ Installation - Saturday September 21st

## Ruhlman Award
+ Goes to Br. Eric Gernat for planning and implementing a great picnic!

# Meeting adjourned at 9:47pm.
