# 31 Jan 2013 Meeting Minutes

Meeting to called to order at 7:17pm.

### Members present:

####

+ Aaron Curtis
+ Andrew Curry
+ Eric Gernat
+ Cory Jones
+ Damien Huete
+ Andrew Wells
+ Matt Kalkbrenner
+ Frank Hopper
+ Craig Whitten

## Officer Reports

### President's Report
+ Nothing to report.

### VP's Report
+ National Convention is 7/24 in Irvine, CA.
+ Br. Andrew Curry has volunteered to go (Southern CA in July? Hell
  yes!)
+ Br. Matt Kalkbrenner has volunteered to go as well.
+ Costs are still being worked out.

### Treasurer's Report
+ Close to getting a bank account for Alumni Org at MD SECU.
+ Corp documents will say that Aaron Curtis and Matt Kalkbrenner are
  responsible for the account. These positions can change when necessary
  when new officers are elected
+ Initial deposit is required.
+ Possible talk about appointing a two-year position to be responsible
  for the bank account. More info will be coming in a future email.

### Active Org Reports
+ First active meeting of the semester is 2/1 at 7:00pm.

## Old Business

### Upcoming Alumni family-friendly Picnic Event
+ SOs, kids, alumni and actives.
+ Savage Park, Patapsco State Park are possible locations.
+ Br. Eric Gernat is organizing.
+ Alcohol is allowed in moderation - beer and cider, no liquor.
+ Target date is 2nd weekend in August (10th).
+ Money issue is still TBD. Pavilion rental cost must be paid up front.

## New Business

### Convention
+ Irvine, CA. 7/24.
+ Br. Andrew Curry has volunteered to attend.

## Upcoming Events

### Ski Trip
+ Did not happen last year due to conflicting schedules and lack of
  interest.

### Skeet Shooting
+ We'll reach out to Br. Ryan Jordan for more info.
+ Prices will be sky-high.
+ Paintball has been suggested by Br. Matt McCarroll.

### Camping Trip
+ Br. Andrew Wells has been nominated as Camping Trip Chair.
+ More details to follow in upcoming emails.

## Next meeting - March 27th, 7:00pm, @ Br. Damien Huete's home: 441 Mali Ct, Millersville MD 21108

Meeting adjourned at 7:54pm.
