# Wed Nov 13 2013 Meeting Minutes

### Meeting called to order at 7:10pm
### Motion to run meeting by general consent - Passed.

## Minecraft.

### Members present at meeting:
+ Matt Kalkbrenner
+ Andrew Curry
+ Cory Jones

### Members present virtually:
+ Addison Slick
+ Jon Moriarty
+ Damien Huete
+ Holly Bennett
+ Tom Davis

## Officer Reports

### President
+ Several alumni owe backdues. I have not contacted them yet, but Troy has.
+ Solid/Liquid/Gas of chance of them paying
+ Graham Nolen - Gas
+ Mike I. - He doesn't owe this amount. He was alumni last time we went through this, and he doesn't owe money.
+ We can take them to collections? Seriously? I didn't know this, but Jon Moriarty says not only we can, but other Fraternities take members in serious debt to court to recoup dues.
+ Cory says actives should be operating on a zero-deficit policy.
+ Actives are short money to pay initiation and pledging fees.

### Vice President
+ Nothing to report.

### Treasurer
+ We have an invoice due for the alumni org, past deadline.
+ Triangle Building Fund for chapters that are unable to have chapter houses on campus, or where chapter housing is a financial burden.
+ Baltimore County classifies a house with more than 4 unrelated tenants as a boarding house, which requires a license.

### Active Rep
+ I-Week and Initiation is happening.
+ Alumni Dinners with Pledges is Nov 19th. No time or place has been decided.
+ Initiation is Nov 23rd. Dustin is visitng Gary SIngh's apt for location.

### Honorary Parliamentarian (Eric Gernat)
+ Not present.

## Old Business
+ None.

## New Business
+ Dues
+ Nobody joined Triangle to be saddled with a lifetime financial obligation.
+ **Disbanding the Alumni Org - Discussion**
+ What would disbanding mean?
+ We lose a vote at National Convention.
+ 3 circumstances
+ Alumni disband, and they can't do anything to it since it doesn't exist.
+ Actives chapter could be affected. WHat's their POV?
+ If we proceeded, we move the corporation to the actives so they have control.
+ Corporation itself, the legal entity, recognized by state of MD. **National has no say over the corporation or business. Dues are all about suspending chapters, or legal obligations or financial obligations in civil court. They'd lose bank accounts and any legal standing.**
+ Action Item: We'll set up a conference call with Michael Fouts.
+ Andy is appointing Cory to take over discussion about this. There will be an email to the alumni list about this and what has been discussed and what we are planning to do going forward.
+ Matt K will schedule a call with Andy Curry, Cory Jones, Matt K, Eric Gernat, Matt K., and Michael Fouts.
+ We will send out paper mail notices to brothers about this discussion and what's on the table.

## Upcoming Events
+ I-Week.
+ Alumni Dinner is Nov 19th. Story Time is Nov 21st.
+ Initiation is next Saturday.
+ Minecraft convention. Yeah.
+ Piece-of-Pizza ASK fundraiser. It raises funds for the chapter.

# Meeting adjourned at 8:31pm.
