# Wed Mar 5 2014 Meeting Minutes

#### Meeting called to order at 7:37pm
#### Motion to run meeting by general consent - Passed.

### Members present at meeting:
+ Theo Meyer
+ Andrew Curry
+ River Williamson

### Members present virtually:
+ Ryan Jordan
+ Jeff Daily
+ Matt Kalkbrenner

## Officer Reports

### President
+ Alumni backdues - still a thing, they don't care.
+ Next bill upcoming - please donate!

### Vice President
+ Not here, no report sent.

### Treasurer
+ Invoice of \$300 from last semester to be paid off shortly.
+ New invoice not yet received.
+ Got quite a few donations from alumni
+ 100 bucks short for whole year ($600).

### Active Rep
+ I-Week and Initiation is happening.
+ Alumni Dinners with Pledges is Nov 19th. No time or place has been decided.
+ Initiation is Nov 23rd. Dustin is visitng Gary SIngh's apt for location.

### Honorary Parliamentarian (Eric Gernat)
+ Not present.

## Old Business
+ Alumni dues
+ Airsoft - awesome time. Alumni, actives, and a couple pledges.

## New Business
+ Bylaws Draft - review 'em, gonna vote next time
+ Actives will have 14 active members at end of spring - low numbers.
+ Alumni had a big swell of activity and interest to meet the first of the regular bi-annual dues payments - **now we need to keep it going.**
+ Bearasaur FTMFW

## Upcoming Events
+ Initiation & Formal - same day - April 26th - locations TBD
+ Corporation Meeting - Andy will talk with Troy about this - shooting for some time in May
+ Next meeting to debate and vote on bylaws.

## Man
+ Dan Guderian - pledge Installation dinner
+ Bylaws committee - actually producing stuff
+ Jeff Daily - bringing back Bearasaur

Adjourned at 8:39pm.