#UMBC Triangle Alumni Meeting
Sat Jul 25, 2015 11:00am

####Members present:

 - Mike Pearce
 - Matt Kalkbrenner
 - Andrew Curry
 - Joseph Lamb

##Old Business

###Convention

 - All proposals except for one passed. Refer to earlier email sent to alumni mailing list for a list of all proposals
   - National Pledge Fee proposal was scrapped due to lots of unanswered questions and unclear language.
 - The proposal to raise NAFs was voted down twice, and passed the next day on the third vote with revisions - there were aggressive stances both for and against.
 - Matt Kalkbrenner represented UMBC Triangle Alumni at Convention
 - Summary of changes from 2015 Convention:
   - http://triangle.org/2015/07/legislationsummary/
 - Matt asked Brian Tenclinger for the updated financial slides. They describe the state of the Fraternity's financial outlook.

###Triangle National Updates

 - New staff
 - They want to help chapters at risk, to grow
 - "Our transparency as a whole and with individual chapters sucks"
 - They want to improve drastically
 - Some changes in their process and structure move too slowly
 - National Council - all voluntary - they pay almost all expenses out of pocket. There's been talk about helping out with costs directly attributable to the organization.

##New Business

###Elections

 - Current nominations
   - Alumni Rep
     - Jon Moriarty
   - Treasurer
     - Matt Kalkbrenner
   - President
   - Vice President

###State of the Triangle Union

 - First a bit of good news: UMBC has the 2nd highest Fall 2014 Chapter/Colony GPA, 3.223, out of all active chapters (1st place was Kentucky with 3.4)
 - UMBC has 5,600 men enrolled with qualified majors, and 23 active members
 - Now the bad news
   - $35 in the actives bank account as of 2 days ago
   - Most actives just don't care enough to grow the chapter
     - Rush event attendance has been consistently poor for the past year at least
     - General meeting attendance has been poor as well
     - Lack of personal commitment to the Fraternity
   - "Too many CS students"
   - How can we help?
   - Do alumni even want to help?

##Upcoming Events

###Family Alumni & Actives Picnic

 - More info to be forthcoming from Adam Bishop
 - Similar event & venue to 2013 Picnic masterminded by Eric Gernat

##Ruhlman Award

Matt Kalkbrenner for being a bro for repping us at Convention and picking up an official Triangle flag for our chapter.

###Other UMBC Greek Info

- Both SAEPi and AEPi chapters at UMBC no longer exist in any official capacity.

Meeting adjourned at 12:57pm.

